138 THE noem-TA STONE

great celebrity oi the assumption of the 8crown of
Ptolemy the immortal, beloved by Phtha, the god
Epiphanes, which (crown) he also received from his
father [the high priest, &c.]‚ being thus assembled in
the temple at Memphis on this day, have thus decreed:
9 whereas King Ptolemy the immortal, beloved by Phtha,
the god Epiphanes, highly favoured, the son of Ptolemy
and queen Arsinoe, the gods Philopatore, in many
respects hath conducted himself well towards the
temples and those 10 who reside in them; and to all
who were placed under his government3 being a god
from a god and goddess, even as Orus the son of Isis
and Osiris, who assisted his father Osiris, being well
disposed 1¹ towards the gods, brought supplies to the
temples both in money and -corn, and sustained many
expenses in order to place Egypt in tranquillity‚ and
to establish all sacred concerns; and hath done service
to mankind by all his powers3 12 and, of the contri-

butions and taxes arising in Egypt, hath put an end
to some, and bath lightened the weight of others, in
order that the people and all others throughout his
kingdom might be put in a state of 13 plenty and pros-
perity3 and hath remitted to the people at large the
payments due to the King, being considerable, which
were owed by those in Egypt, and others in the rest of
his dominions3 and hath set at liberty those who were

confined in the prisons, 14 and had lain under charges

there for a long time; and hath moreover appointed,
that the revenues for the temples, both the contributions

