TRANSLATION BY DUANE 147

that the offerings contributed to the gods should be
decently performed. He also distributed justice to men
as Hermes the Great and Great ordained. Also that

those who went out from among the soldierS, and from -

others whose minds were set upon the property of their
neighbours in times of tumult, and returned, should
remain on their own settlements ; for he provided that
forces, cavalry and infantry, and shiPS, should be sent
against the invaders of Egypt by sea andland ; having
sustained great expences both of money and corn, that
the temples and all the inhabitants of the country,
might be safe. Coming to the city of LycopoliS‚ in
the Busiritic [nome], which was circumvallated and
fortified against a siege with a plentiful supply of armS,
by the long preceding disaffection os the wicked, who

. were gathered, together in it, and had done much

mischief to the temples and inhabitants of Egypt, and,
by counter circling it (the city) with banks and ditches
and notable waIIS, and checking the great rise of the
Nile in his 8th year, which overflowed the plains, by
strengthening the mouths of the rivers, expending on
them no small sums, and stationing horse and foot to
guard them, in a short time took the city by as-
sault, and in it slew all the wicked‚ as [Herm]eS, and
Orus, son of Isis and Osiris overcame those who in the
same places had formerly revolted, so all those who led
others to revolt from his own father, and [injured] the
country and violated the temples, when he came up to
Memphis, to assist his father, and his own kingdom,

